Update README.md (#4)
vegacloud/vega-metrics-agent: README.md

You should now see a 'vegacloud' namespace with the agent running as a deployment. 

> Please note for our production custoemrs, please follow the instructionst located at https://docs.dpz.vegacloud.io/docs/providers/kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note for our production customers, please follow the instructions located at https://docs.dpz.vegacloud.io/docs/providers/kubernetes
```
